Enhance link format ( " -> ` ) (#21)
Infomaniak/desktop-kDrive: infomaniak-build-tools/windows/Readme.md

    ```
   You may need to adjust paths based on your installation.

Save (CTRL + S). CMake will automatically run in the output window; check no errors occur.

> ### The file `Sync-exclude.lst`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The file `sync-exclude.lst`
```

Reviewer: I thought the installation of this files was done automatically by `CMake`.
@MaximePouce Am I right? 

If you encountered a problem with the installation of `sync-exclude.lst`, this might imply that we need to re-work some `CMakeList.txt` files.

Reviewer 2: Agree with this remark, the copy is already made by CMake.

Author: I Modified the installation process, the CMake now copy the file in the right folder.

copy and rename `F:\Projects\desktop-kDrive\sync-exclude-win.lst` to `output_path\bin\sync-exclude.lst`.

### DLL Copy

> Durring the next step, you may encounter missing DLL errors. Copy the required DLLs to the /bin folder of your output directory. The DLLs are located in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the next step, you may encounter missing DLL errors. If so, copy the required DLLs into the `bin` folder of your output directory. The DLLs are located in:
```

Select CMake targets.

> Right-click on the Kdrive (executable) >> Debug >> kDrive.exe (bin\kDrive.exe).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right-click on the kDrive (executable) >> Debug >> kDrive.exe (bin\kDrive.exe).
```

> Once Kdrive.exe is running, right-click on the Kdrive_client (executable) >> Debug >> Kdrive_client.exe (bin\kDrive.exe).

Reviewer: Are these names correct? (I mean "kDrive" versus "Kdrive").

Author: I corrected it to "kDrive" in the last rev.
